Move changelog test to CI (#483)
maicos-devel/maicos: CHANGELOG.rst

.. inclusion-marker-changelog-start

Unreleased
----------
Philip Loche

- Move changelog test from tox to Gitlab CI (#483)
- Move from Gitlab to GitHub (#1)

> .. Note: moved to github after 0.10; `!XXX` links are not valid anymore.

Reviewer: The !xxx numbers are not links on github anyway, so maybe just add info on where to find them?

```suggestion
.. Note: moved from gitlab to github after 0.10; `!XXX` reference gitlab merge requests at https://gitlab.com/maicos-devel/maicos/-/merge_requests
```
